WebCripplingData (#4)
runtosolve/WebCripplingData: README.md

This respository contains web crippling test data for cold-formed steel members.

> The main data file is [Combined_Data.json](data/Combined_Data.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main data file is [web_crippling_data.json](data/web_crippling_data.json).
```
